Resource Plugins: Add doc and change helm variable (#1567)
liqotech/liqo: docs/usage/peer.md

At the end of the process, a new **virtual node** is created in the consumer, abstracting the resources shared by the provider, and enabling seamless **pod offloading** to the remote cluster.
Additional details are also provided to enable the reverse peering direction, hence achieving a **bidirectional peering**, allowing both clusters to offload a part of their workloads to the other.

> By default, Liqo shares a fixed percentage of the available resources of the origin cluster. You can change this behaviour by using a [resource plugin](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo-resource-plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Liqo shares a configurable percentage of the currently available resources of the *provider* cluster with *consumers*. 
You can change this behavior by using a custom [resource plugin](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo-resource-plugins).
```

I wouldn't say *fixed*, since it dynamically varies based on the currently available resources.

At the end of the process, a new **virtual node** is created in the consumer, abstracting the resources shared by the provider, and enabling seamless **pod offloading** to the remote cluster.
Additional details are also provided to enable the reverse peering direction, hence achieving a **bidirectional peering**, allowing both clusters to offload a part of their workloads to the other.

By default, Liqo shares a configurable percentage of the currently available resources of the **provider** cluster with **consumers**.

> You can change this behaviour by using a custom [resource plugin](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo-resource-plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this behavior by using a custom [resource plugin](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo-resource-plugins).
```
